Optimize slice_slice for faster isel of huge datasets (#4560)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

  By `Mathias Hauser <https://github.com/mathause>`_.
- :py:func:`combine_by_coords` now raises an informative error when passing coordinates
  with differing calendars (:issue:`4495`). By `Mathias Hauser <https://github.com/mathause>`_.

> - Fix performance bug where reading small slices from huge dimensions was slower than necessary (:pull:`4560`). By `Dion Häfner <https://github.com/dionhaefner>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve performance where reading small slices from huge dimensions was slower than necessary (:pull:`4560`). By `Dion Häfner <https://github.com/dionhaefner>`_.
```
